docs/acknowledgements.rst, before:

Acknowledgements
================

Funding
-------
Development of Granny was funded by the Washington Tree Fruit Research Commission under project AP-22-101A.


Contributors
------------

In the collaboration with `Honaas lab 
<https://www.ars.usda.gov/pacific-west-area/wenatchee-wa/physiology-and-pathology-of-tree-fruits-research/people/loren-honaas/>`_
at the USDA Agricultural Research Service, the `Ficklin Research Program <http://ficklinlab.cahnrs.wsu.edu/>`_ at Washington State University has developed **Granny**, an image analysis software that uses an instance segmentation algorithm to identify individual fruit in photos, and then process the images to extract individual fruit sub-images and remove the background for downstream analyses. **Granny**, aiming to assist in post-harvest fruit maturity index experiments, generates useful results from RGB images for determining superficial disorders and maturity in many apple and pear cultivars. 

Individuals that have contributed to development of Granny:

- `Nhan Nguyen <http://ficklinlab.cahnrs.wsu.edu/#people>`_ - Ficklin lab's machine learning researcher
- `Heidi Hargarten <https://www.ars.usda.gov/people-locations/person?person-id=52227>`_ - Honaas lab's postdoctoral researcher, USDA-ARS Wenatchee
- `Loren Honaas <https://www.ars.usda.gov/pacific-west-area/wenatchee-wa/physiology-and-pathology-of-tree-fruits-research/people/loren-honaas/>`_ - Honaas lab's principal investigator
- `Stephen Ficklin <http://ficklinlab.cahnrs.wsu.edu/>`_ - Ficklin lab's principal investigator

Commit message:

Moved documentation created by Greg and updated

docs/acknowledgements.rst, after:

Acknowledgements
================

Funding
-------
Development of Granny was funded by the `Washington Tree Fruit Research Commission <https://treefruitresearch.org/>`_ under project AP-22-101A and USDA ARS internal appropriation funds.


Contributors
------------

In the collaboration with `Honaas lab 
<https://www.ars.usda.gov/pacific-west-area/wenatchee-wa/physiology-and-pathology-of-tree-fruits-research/people/loren-honaas/>`_
at the USDA Agricultural Research Service, the `Ficklin Research Program <http://ficklinlab.cahnrs.wsu.edu/>`_ at Washington State University has developed **Granny**, an image analysis software that uses an instance segmentation algorithm to identify individual fruit in photos, and then process the images to extract individual fruit sub-images and remove the background for downstream analyses. **Granny**, aiming to assist in post-harvest fruit maturity index experiments, generates useful results from RGB images for determining superficial disorders and maturity in many apple and pear cultivars. 

Individuals that have contributed to development of Granny include

- Nhan Nguyen, WSU Dept. of Horticulture
- Joseph Michaud, USDA ARS  
- Rene Mogollon, WSU Dept. of Horticulture   
- Heidi Hargarten, USDA ARS
- Huiting Zhang, WSU Dept. of Horticulture
- Greg Chorak, USDA ARS
- Rachel Leisso, USDA ARS
- Carolina A. Torres, WSU Dept. of Horticulture
- Loren Honaas, USDA ARS
- Stephen Ficklin, WSU Dept. of Horticulture
